Prep questions 0
(a) What is the idea behind system calls?
    To be the interface between an OS and a process

(b) Why cannot the code of the system calls be available simply as a library
to user processes?
    Because system calls are made for a specific hardware.
    Exposing system call code as a library could mean a security risk
    since system call code includes sensitive information


Prep questions 1
(a) How it is possible to distinguish in syscall handler which system call it is?
    By giving each syscall an unique syscall number

b) Where are the arguments of a system call stored (if there are any) and how
can you access them?
    The arguments are stored on a stack and access through the stack pointer


Preparatory question 2:
(a) Where are the user-mode stack and the kernel-mode stack of a process lo-
cated?
    User-mode stack is located in range from virtuel address 0 up to PHYS_BASE
    Kernel-mode stack is located from PHYS_BASE up to 4 GB
    PHYS_BASE is defined in "threadS/vaddr.h". 


(b) How can you address the user-mode stack in the kernel code, particularly,
in an interrupt handler?
    Verify the validity of a user-provided pointer, then deference it. If you do this
    you'll want to look at the functions in "userprog/pagedir.c" and "threads/vaddr.h"
    Or check only that a user pointer points below PHYS_BASE, then deference it
    An invalid user pointer will cause a "page fault" that you can handle by 
    modifying the code for page_fault() in "userprog/exception.cc". (This is normally
    faster.)

(c) What is the reason of having two stacks instead of one?
    It improves security and the stability of the code by preventing inteferance
    of code that doesnt belong


Preparatory question 3:
When a user program executes a system call like open(), an address to a string
containing the file name is provided as an argument.

(a) In which memory is this string stored, and (b) how can we access it in the
kernel code?
    The string is stored in user virtual memory, the address of the
    string is passed as an argument to the syscall.    
                                                         

(c) Specify the situations when accessing the data via that pointer can lead to
problems.
    it will be a problem if the address points to a that has been freed. 
    This will result in an error in the kernel.

(d) What can be done about it?
    Make the kernel code check if the memory it points to is still allocated.


Preparatory question 4:
Why can a user program not simply call functions in filesys directly instead of
performing system calls?



Preparatory question 5:
When a file is opened, a file id is returned to the user program, which is used to
refer to a specific opened file when doing file operations. Explain how to gen-
erate file identifiers and map them to struct file pointers that are created
in the kernel.